So far, Team A have won all their matches.
But Barou and Bachira scored goals, too.
Match 4
Match 3
Shidou
Otoya
Bachira
Shidou
Itoshi
Karasu
Yukimiya
Nagi
Barou
Otoya
Karasu
Nagi
Otoya
This is the final match.
You're a persistent pest!
Don't like it? Leave.
Son of a...
The fifth match is over.
Team A wins, 5-4.
Oh, boy. I've got a bad feeling about this.
Hey, you do know the match is over, right?
Good. Now I can kill him
without any worries.
You talentless piece of trash!
Couldn't agree more.
I'll curb stomp ya and
put ya outta action for good!
Your head's gonna be crackalack-Rin-Rin!
Seriously, you shouldn't be doing that!
That's enough out of you.
I can't believe I had to use the
electric shock anti-riot measure.
Electric shock?!
All the matches are now over.
The tryouts are complete.
In six hours' time, I will announce the
lineup for the match against Japan's U-20s.
Episode
List of registered players
who passed the 3rd Selection
Remove Players
Do you wish to remove
selected\hplayers from roster?
Remove Players
Selected players removed
from roster
Have you made your decision?
Yeah.
"Too many cooks spoil the broth."
Huh?
Some talents have to be
left out if you want to win.
Japan Football Union
Buratsuta
At a vitally important time like this?
Time until
Starting
Lineup
for the U-20s
Exhibition
Match is
Announced
Wait in the Assembly Area
Aw, heck. I'm super nervous.
Time until
Starting
Lineup
for the U-20s
Exhibition
Match is
Announced
Huh? Where's Shidou?
Probably still in the correction room.
Aside from the Top 6,
the only guys who scored were me...
Bachira...
Barou...
and Reo.
If that's how he's picking players,
I've got a chance.
I want to be chosen.
I want to fight on a field
where I can change my own destiny.
Hello there. Good work,
diamonds in the rough.
Is this the second time
I've seen you in person?
Blue Lock General Director
Good to see you again.
Wow, it's been ages.
Ego in the flesh.
Let me redefine this.
Soccer is a sport where you score goals.
Goals are the one
and only existential value.
That's why I've built a team around
the egoist with the highest goal average.
Prepare yourselves and listen up.
I will now announce the eleven players
who will take on Japan's U-20s.
First, the guy up top:
Itoshi Rin.
He has the highest goal
average of 2.5 per game.
The team will employ a super all-out
attack formation centered around you.
If they score five,
you will score six and win.
"Destruction follows destruction."
As its vanguard, you embody
the philosophy of this team.
And the remaining ten players will be
the bullets that escalate that destruction.
First up, the goalkeeper:
Gagamaru Gin.
Oh. Me?
Explosive reactions
and a body on springs.
You scored highest in
the goalkeeper aptitude.
You'll be the guardian of this team.
So that's why. Got it.
Next up are the two center backs:
Aryu Jyubei...
and Niko Ikki.
The right center back will overwhelm
opponents with his height and reach.
The left center back has a sharp mind
for stealing the ball and reading the field.
And the two full-backs who'll use speed and
technique to dribble up and down the flanks...
On the right is Chigiri Hyoma.
Yes, sir.
And on the left is Bachira Meguru.
All righty.
That said, no matter where I am
on the field, I'll try to score.
And the defensive midfielder connecting
this defensive line to the front line...
Karasu Tabito.
You're the best at keeping
the ball in Blue Lock,
and your analytical skills help you see
chances, so you'll be the heart of this team.
I had a feeling you'd say that, dumdum.
Now for the attackers.
Slicing through the opponent's defensive
walls from the wings, we have...
Otoya Eita.
'Kay.
Yukimiya Kenyu.
Yes, my pleasure.
The right winger has speed and stealth
to get behind opponents,
while the left winger
dominates in one-on-ones.
And the two players stationed
between them as the core of our attack:
First, a superb talent who scores
stellar goals thanks to his ball control...
Nagi Seishiro.
Gotcha.
And let me remind you again.
This team employs a super all-out attack
formation, centered around Itoshi Rin.
Super All-Out
Attack
Formation
The one who scored highest
in compatibility with Itoshi Rin,
fulfilling the "assertion and coexistence"
requirement as his shadow,
while possessing the talent to
subjugate him and score himself...
The last piece of this puzzle is you...
Isagi Yoichi.
Yes, sir.
That is all.
Yukimiya
Nagi
Itoshi
Isagi
Otoya
Bachira
Niko
Karasu
Aryu
Chigiri
Gagamaru
Here's the Blue Lock XI to face Japan's U-20s.
I did it. I got chosen.
I'm one of the Blue Lock XI!
Damn it.
I have a question.
Why isn't Shidou-kun on the team?
He scored goals, and he's the No.2, right?
Indeed, Shidou Ryusei did have
a high goal average of 2.0 per game.
But those goals all stemmed
from his own skills.
Which means that in these tryouts,
he wasn't able to trigger a single
chemical reaction with Itoshi Rin.
Chemical
Reaction
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Plus, if he gets a red card for violent conduct,
it'll put us at a major disadvantage.
For these reasons, I've determined
he shouldn't be on the same field as Itoshi Rin.
More importantly, none of you can handle
an egoist of Shidou Ryusei's caliber.
Someone who gets his thought process and
goals to mutually improve the level of play...
We have no such talent here in Blue Lock.
I mean, I don't think there's anyone anywhere
in Japan who can handle a guy like him.
But it'd be such a waste
not to make use of his talents.
Right. So Shidou Ryusei will be a joker card
we can sub in for Itoshi Rin.
Or at least, that was the plan.
What changed?
A few hours ago, I received
a phone call from Buratsuta of the JFU.
Japan Football Union
Buratsuta
Unless we meet a condition proposed
by Itoshi Sae, he'll back out of the match.
If Itoshi Sae doesn't play, the match will
be canceled, since the tickets won't sell.
And Blue Lock will die a natural death.
That's what he said.
The condition Itoshi Sae proposed is this...
3 hours earlier
Lemme outta here, you four-eyed bastard.
I promise I won't hit anyone anymore.
I know you can hear me!
I'll kill you, Mr. Lock-Off Specs!
What's up, Devil Boy?
Who the hell are you?
This cage must be too small for you.
I'll set you free.
I want your ego.
Go berserk for me.
The condition was to add a player of
his choice from Blue Lock to the U-20s.
In other words, Itoshi Sae
chose Shidou Ryusei over you.
We have 15 days left.
I'll assign you a training schedule
that'll guarantee us victory.
Give it everything you've got.
From here on, failure will not be tolerated.
Hmph. That's half-baked, you four-eyed rat.
For me, this game is nothing but a stepping
stone to becoming number one in the world.
True. I mean, I already bet
my life when I got here.
I ain't average enough for that to scare me.
I'm getting stoked.
I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah. I want to play them now.
That's the ego I want to see, Blue Lock XI.
Right. My goal isn't just
to get picked for the team.
I will... no, Blue Lock will win
this game and go beyond it...
Onto the world stage!
We will now begin the final training camp.
Final
Final Train
Final Training
Final Training Camp
Meeting Room, Japan U-20s Training Center
Japan's U-20s
vs
Blue Lock
Strategy
Meeting
The match is in two weeks.
Japan's U-20s Manager
And joining the Japan team
for the first time is...
Itoshi Sae!
New Generation
World's Best 11
Wow, it's really him.
I can't believe we get to play with him.
Is that a good thing?
He looks like an unpleasant prince to me.
Japan's U-20s
Hey, he can hear you.
Who's that guy?
Hm? Must be a freebie that came
with Itoshi Sae. Who knows?
For the honor of representing Japan,
we can't afford to lose, no matter what.
Sae-kun, tell them how eager you are.
I don't have an ounce
of interest in any of you.
But a chance like this doesn't come
around twice in your playing careers.
Do your best not to irritate me. That is all.
Wait, um...
Talk about confidence.
Don't underestimate us, Mr. Genius.
People might make a fuss about you overseas,
but that's just at academy level.
We play in Japan's top league,
and I'm a starting forward.
So watch your mouth.
And? You compete to be the top scorer
in Japan, play for the Japan team,
make an annual salary of 50 million yen,
marry a pin-up model, and have a happy family.
That's about the limits
of your soccer career.
My only interest is becoming
the best in the world.
The depth of your desire
is nowhere near mine.
I-I wanna be the best—
You should watch your mouth!
You waste of a striker!
Too bad. So sad. See you in your next life.
You've got zero sense if
you're concerned about status.
Wh-What's your deal?!
That's our star player—
Oh?
Japan's U-20s
You all wanna go?
Okay, if I win, put me in the starting lineup.
S-Stop already!
Shut up, freebie.
Don't you dare insult me!
Okay, here's my first goal!
All right, you guys. Stop it now.
Talk about being underestimated.
Love the spirit, little puppy.
But it's on the field you're
supposed to be showing results.
Li'l Genius, you're a newcomer here, too.
So why don't you win
our trust with your play?
As the defensive line...
Japan's U-20s
...we've got your back.
Built around their tall defender, Aiku,
who's gotten offers from Italy's Serie A,
The captain of the team
for his strong defensive skills.
Aiku plays at center back, and the Japan team...
He has roots in Sweden, Germany, and Japan. As a defender...
His physique and leadership skills are second to none among his peers...
He's one of the notable players who will be the next generation's....
Having received offers from Serie A clubs in Italy, his presence is known
throughout the world of soccer.  When he was younger, he played keeper
converted to a defender and his talent blossomed.
the U-20s play a catenaccio system.
I see. So they're a defensive team.
We just need to smash 'em, right?
Yeah. That said, they are the strongest
elite team of players under 20 in Japan,
so it won't be that easy.
So we just need to smash 'em, right?
Bachira, you keep repeating yourself.
Because we just need to smash 'em, right?
Are you even listening?
Complete your morning drill
and take a break.
"Smash 'em," huh?
In that case, I think
I'm still lacking in power.
Entering that trancelike
state was a total fluke.
If I could use that on command...
Rin?
Hey, it's break time.
You should rest a little.
Huh? If you're going to
interfere, get out, Isagi.
Yeah, but if you overdo it and get injured—
If I do, that means I'm only at that level.
At last, I get to play against
my big bro. Against Itoshi Sae.
I get to crush and surpass him.
You have no idea how much
I've longed for this moment.
I don't need it.
You get injured, Blue Lock's over.
I'm telling you not to
cause problems for me.
Drink.
Hmph.
It's lukewarm.
Can it.
I've never seen that look
on Rin's face before.
I want to win this match... with him.
Hello there, Team Blue Lock.
Your training should have
your bodies awake by now.
So now, we need to wake up your brains.
I'll teach you how to
ignite a fire in your life,
which is essential for becoming
the best striker in the world.
"Flow." It's a mentally absorbed state
that can be obtained
through personal optimal experiences.
Regardless of their scale, human beings
have moments when they're so focused,
they even forget the passage of time.
That state of enjoying whatever it is
and getting the brain all excited...
That's "flow."
Think back.
To when you broke out of
your shells here at Blue Lock.
To when you poured
all you had into that one play.
Flow.
It does ring a bell.
If this "flow" is the key to
reproducing that trancelike state...
So how do you get into this flow?
The most important condition is
concentrating on a daring challenge.
To put it plainly, you have to aim
for an objective of optimal difficulty.
Mentally Absorbed State
Balance
Between
Challenge
and Ability
State
Difficulty of Challenge
Your Ability
Anxiety
Boredom
High
Low
This image shows the balance between
challenge and ability to get into a flow state.
If your abilities exceed a given challenge,
you won't feel joy and you'll get bored.
High
Low
Difficulty of Challenge
Your Ability
Balance Between
Challenge and Ability
Bored
Conversely, if a given challenge
exceeds your abilities,
you can't see yourself succeeding
and you become anxious.
Anxious
In short, you can't experience joy
in a state of boredom or anxiety.
That's why you need concentration
for a daring challenge.
Know Your Abilities
Know your abilities precisely...
Control Your Abilities
and control them.
Then, challenge yourself with a goal
that's appropriate to you.
Challenge Yourself With a Clear Goal
In that moment, you will pull out
an exceptional performance,
which will push you up to the next level.
From the outside,
it might look like a miracle.
But there's a formula to it.
And that's "flow."
However...
It's not easy to achieve.
Your daily life is flooded with
information and entertainment.
It's an endless hell to cover up
your boredom and anxiety.
People can't get absorbed
in something so easily.
For example, you may passively get
into a trancelike state on your phone.
But that's not the flow state you
actively achieve, available only to you.
That cannot be classed as "ego" in my book.
The thrill you feel when you score a goal.
The exhilaration you feel
when you gain a new weapon.
That joy is something
that belongs only to you.
That's ego.
Blue Lock's the place where you escape
the diarrhea of that passive trancelike state,
and only those who fully immerse
themselves in soccer can survive.
So remember, diamonds in the rough...
the meaning of everything
you've experienced in Blue Lock.
Remember how you've all evolved.
I see.
It's true that I became absorbed in
my potential each time I grew stronger.
Now, does the goal of defeating
Japan's U-20s make you feel...
bored?
Anxious?
No.
It's a challenge I can immerse myself in.
You get it now, don't you?
The door to defeating Japan's U-20s
will only be opened
when you, the Blue Lock XI, get into
a flow state on the field on game day.
On that grand stage,
I will find my unique flow.
Now, let's prepare.
You're the new generation of egoists who
will tear down Japanese soccer's status quo.
The world's waiting for your goals.
I'll find it.
The goal I can immerse myself in.
The goal that only belongs to me!
Blue Lock Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Niko Ikki
Natural Communication
I'm Niko Ikki, and I've been chosen for
the Blue Lock XI to face Japan's U-20s.
As defenders, let's communicate with each
other in the game. Nice working with you.
Likewise.
Gagamaru Gin
Aryu Jyubei
Whatever my position may be,
I will be at the top of my glam.
I've never played in goal before.
I have confidence in my physical abilities.
See? You can count on me.
Uh-oh. Help.
I'm glamming to your aid!
Oh, I see. We've got two airheads.
With this type, the best way to build a
rapport is to rely on sensibilities, not logic.
To do that, I should gather
info on their preferences.
What do you two do on your days off?
I'd like to get to know you both.
I'm in the mountains.
So I pick wild vegetables, sunbathe,
and take on wild boars.
I also sumo wrestle my bear friend,
play Super Smash Bros., look for UFOs...
That second half made no sense.
I am usually found in pursuit
of the ultimate glam.
GLAM
Feeling the universe, cherishing beauty,
offering prayers to Buddha...
When you empty your mind,
even fire feels glam!
None of what he said makes sense.
B-But I will not dismiss them.
W-Wow, very nice.
I like how unique you both are.
Without dismissing them,
be positive and compliment them.
That's the best course of
action to gain their trust.
So are you interested in pursuing
the way of glam with me?
Huh?
Let your universe manifest
itself in your body!
Like this!
GLAM
Like this?
Yes. Very good, mountain man.
L-Like this?
Express the glam with your whole body!
Like this!
GLAM
G-Glam!
Wait, am I having fun right now?